Maurico Granera

--{[}Activity 1{]}--
1. Record your TPS partners’ names.
    Dina Seoudi, 
2. Independently search the internet for 3 online tutorials on how to setup and use GDB (or LLDB) in
your system.
    GDB is now installed
3. Share your tutorials with your TPS partners.
    Done
4. Bookmark your results in the browser of your computer.
    Done
--{[}Activity 2 {]}--
1. How do you compile your punishment.c so that you can debug it using GDB (or LLDB for MAC)?
    using the -g flag

2. Once punishment.c is compiled, how do you load it in GDB (or LLDB for MAC)? Try it with your
program.
    you run the line "gdb [filename]"
3. Once punish is loaded, how do you run it in GDB (or LLDB for MAC)? Try to run your punish.
    you use the run command

4. What are breakpoints? How do you set a breakpoint at a certain line of your program? Try to set a
breakpoint in punishment.c where the for loop begins.
    breakpoints are a function where it allows you to data and values durring the line where the debuger is.
    you use the break command

5. Now run the program again. It should stop at the breakpoint you set in Q4. From here, how do you run
the program line by line? Try to run the next 3 lines with your program.
    using the step or next commands

6. While you are still running punish line by line, how can you see the value of a variable? Pick 3 variables
in your program and display them in the terminal one by one.
print [[variableName]]

7. Now that you are tired of running line by line, how do you let the program finish its run? Try to finish
running your punish.
continue

8. How do you exit from GDB (or LLDB for MAC)?
by using the character 'q'

--{[}Activity 3 {]}--

1. How many variables were declared in the first line of main()? How many of them are pointers (and what are they)?
    there are 5 variables, x, y, px, py, and arr; all are int variables while three are pointers.

2. What will be the values of x, y, and arr[0] if you run the program? Validate your answer by running the program. Why do you think it happens that way? You will need to insert printf statements to
display those values.
x, y, and arr[0] will be either nil, 0, or garbage. This happens because of how the array is not initialized

3. How do you prevent x, y, and the content of arr from having unexpected values? Try to fix them in the program.
you initialize them with real and useable values

4. The moment you have declared a variable, the program will allocate a memory location for it. Each memory location has an address. Now insert printf statements to display the addresses of x and y.
done

5. Now insert code so that px points to x and py points to y. Print out the values and addresses of those pointers using only the pointer variables (yes, pointers have addresses too!). You should see that the value of px is equal to the address of x, and the same is true for py and y.
done

6. As we have learned in lectures, an array name can be used as a pointer to access the content of the array. Write a loop to output the contents of arr by using arr as a pointer (do not use [] in your loop).
done

7. Are array names really the same as pointers? Let us find out! An array name points to the first element of an array, so arr should point to the address of arr[0]. Insert code to verify this.
yes and no, while the array name is the same as a pointer to the first index, the following indexs will be different.

8. Now print out the address of arr. Does the result make sense? Why?
yes because they are the same